Add PFNs4BO sampler (#82)
optuna/optunahub-registry: package/samplers/pfns4bo/README.md

---

> author: "HideakiImamura"

Reviewer: Don't need white space? (i.e., Hideaki Imamura)

title: "PFNs4BO sampler"
description: "In-context learning for Bayesian optimization. This sampler uses Prior-data Fitted Networks (PFNs) as a surrogate model for Bayesian optimization."

> tags: ["sampler"]

Reviewer: Why not add tags to help users find your sampler?

optuna_versions: ["3.6.1"]
license: "MIT License"
---

## Class or Function Names
- PFNs4BOSampler

## Installation
```bash

> pip install -r requirements.txt

Reviewer: The following will be more helpful because this allows users to install the dependencies by copy and paste. The URL becomes valid after merging this PR.

```suggestion
pip install -r https://raw.githubusercontent.com/optuna/optunahub-registry/main/package/samplers/pfns4bo/requirements.txt
```

Author: I think resolving dependencies might fail when the environment of users do not match the latest main branch. It would be great as it is.

The benchmark consists of 70 problems. The 8 problems are from HPO tabular benchmarks in https://github.com/automl/HPOBench (original 4 problems, and log-converted 4 problems). The 62 problems are several synthetic functions in https://github.com/sigopt/evalset (Not just use it, but I re-implement them).
![Comparison between PFNs4BO and random search](images/compare2-pfns4bo-vs-random-1.png "Comparison between PFNs4BO and random search")

## Others

The default prior argument is ``"hebo"``. This trains the PFNs model in the init of the sampler. If you want to use a pre-trained model, you can download the model checkpoint from the following link: https://github.com/automl/PFNs/blob/main/models_diff/prior_diff_real_checkpoint_n_0_epoch_42.cpkt and load it using the following code:

```python
import torch

model = torch.load("PATH/TO/prior_diff_real_checkpoint_n_0_epoch_42.cpkt")
sampler = PFNs4BOSampler(prior=model)
```

> The performance of PFNs4BO with the HEBO+ prior is maximized with the number of trials smaller than 100 or 200 in most cases. If you have a large number of trials, it is recommended to change the sampler to a random sampler or etc after a certain  number of trials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The performance of PFNs4BO with the HEBO+ prior is maximized with the number of trials smaller than 100 or 200 in most cases. If you have a large number of trials, changing the sampler to another one (e.g., a random sampler) after a certain number of trials is recommended.
```

### Reference

> Samuel Müller, Matthias Feurer, Noah Hollmann, and Frank Hutter. 2023. PFNs4BO: in-context learning for Bayesian optimization. In Proceedings of the 40th International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML'23), Vol. 202. JMLR.org, Article 1056, 25444–25470.

Reviewer: It seems helpful to add a link to [the paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2305.17535).
